what is linux system
founder for linux
Other operatin system
what is shell and its types
what is kernel and latest version of kernel. How to check kernel version
How can you check the server configuration in linux. like how much ram, cpu, sudo permission
what is cpu core. how to see how many cpu cores availabel in machine
Where you can see properties assigned to user in linux
in linux how to check how much ram you have ---eg free command
what are the information in etc/passwd
install OS in VM 
why choose linux OS
Entriprise version of linux 
what are the different things when you create user in linux
major or critical log files in linux
what is log rotation
what is cron job . Like it do we have any scheduler in linux
What is softlink. How can you create it. symlink
what is inodes 
How would you know what update is there in any package
How to create a shortcut of file
loops syntax in shell scripting
file permission available in linux. What are the special permission in linux
Default file permission for the new file
what is log file and where is it stored what are the different types of log file in linux
Package manager in linux. Difference between rpm and yum. What are the background process when you run yum install httpd , where this package will be installed and where does it fetch from 
Red hat mirror repository or red hat repository
Reebot linux server
What is shell scripting . How to run this . What is bash
In shell script if the first command fails will the second command execute
print date in linux server
User case of shell scripting
What is cloud. Where does it exist. How do you excess them using what
Different types of cloud give example.
What are the cloud model names
Advantages of cloud
What is Elastic in AWS. Technically what happen in background when we autoscale
Disadvantage of aws
what is EBS . you want to increase the size of 100 gb ebs WHAT YOU CAN RESIZE IT 
what is Iam . what is policy . 
If I want to use my own private cloud which software/application should you use. Like VM ware, hyperviser
Different categories of services cloud provide. Give example
Why choose aws cloud over other cloud
when you create ec3 instance but not able to access what issues may be there
what are the types of storage like s3 in aws
what is pem key when you connect instance and what does it validates with.
What is Elastic in AWS
what types of server authentication process aws ec2 instance uses 
Advantages of AWS
what is subnet. How many types and its uses and example
How many regions in aws and Availability zones
when you launch/create VPC, what are the various object/properties it creates
Difference between private and public subnet
SDLC . types
Agile process can be implemented using what type of tools
what type of job you can do in jenkin. what is pipeline
How jenkins work from start to end/deploy
what are the tools used in CI 
In CI, What type of code build you did . Explain in details what it does in background what is created what process is made/taken everything
Goals in Maven
How to integrate maven with jenkins
How java code compilation process
How can we use maven in jenkins
Branches strategy in git
Pull request in github
what do you mean by staging the code. --> making version in local repository
What is ansible	. What are the module in ansible example
Different component in ansible
What do you mean by host info in ansible what all the present in it
How can you valitate ansible playbook
Roles in ansible
Playbook task consist of-- permorm the task , stop , start  instead of writing it you can make start role, copy role, stop role...then you can use task role rolename
what is pipeline
where you can declare variable in ansible and where you store it. what about password( use--vault)
How you run playbook in ansible
In docker what you write that cont.jar will deploy in container using COPY . . in docker file. What does COPY . . does 

https://grok.com/share/c2hhcmQtMg%3D%3D_6f725e55-06cd-4615-8e3a-44f6bc386071
